The OpenAMQ/JMS distribution is subject to the following license, with
certain exceptions, as detailed below.

Copyright (c) 2007, iMatix Corporation

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
      the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
      distribution.
    * Neither the name of the iMatix Corporation nor the names of its
      contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
      from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The third-party binary packages distributed with OpenAMQ/JMS in the lib
directory of this distribution are subject to their own licenses:

    * Apache Commons Collections - http://commons.apache.org/collections/
    * Java Messaging Service - http://java.sun.com/products/jms/
    * JUnit - http://www.junit.org/
    * Apache log4j - http://logging.apache.org/log4j/
    * Apache MINA - http://mina.apache.org/
    * SAXON - http://saxon.sourceforge.net/
    * SFL4J - http://www.slf4j.org/
    * backport-util-concurrent - http://backport-jsr166.sourceforge.net/

The amqp.0-9.xml file distributed with OpenAMQ/JMS is subject to the
following license:

Copyright Notice
================
(c) Copyright JPMorgan Chase Bank & Co., Cisco Systems, Inc., 
Envoy Technologies Inc., iMatix Corporation, IONA Technologies, 
Red Hat, Inc., TWIST Process Innovations, and 29West Inc. 2006. 
All rights reserved.

License
=======
JPMorgan Chase Bank & Co., Cisco Systems, Inc., Envoy Technologies Inc., 
iMatix Corporation, IONA Technologies, Red Hat, Inc., 
TWIST Process Innovations, and 29West Inc. (collectively, the
"Authors") each hereby grants to you a worldwide, perpetual,
royalty-free, nontransferable, nonexclusive license to (i) copy,
display, distribute and implement the Advanced Messaging Queue Protocol
("AMQP") Specification and (ii) the Licensed Claims that are held by
the Authors, all for the purpose of implementing the Advanced Messaging
Queue Protocol Specification. Your license and any rights under this
Agreement will terminate immediately without notice from any Author if
you bring any claim, suit, demand, or action related to the Advanced
Messaging Queue Protocol Specification against any Author.  Upon
termination, you shall destroy all copies of the Advanced Messaging
Queue Protocol Specification in your possession or control.

As used hereunder, "Licensed Claims" means those claims of a patent or
patent application, throughout the world, excluding design patents and
design registrations, owned or controlled, or that can be sublicensed
without fee and in compliance with the requirements of this Agreement,
by an Author or its affiliates now or at any future time and which
would necessarily be infringed by implementation of the Advanced
Messaging Queue Protocol Specification. A claim is necessarily
infringed hereunder only when it is not possible to avoid infringing it
because there is no plausible non-infringing alternative for
implementing the required portions of the Advanced Messaging Queue
Protocol Specification. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Licensed Claims
shall not include any claims other than as set forth above even if
contained in the same patent as Licensed Claims; or that read solely on
any implementations of any portion of the Advanced Messaging Queue
Protocol Specification that are not required by the Advanced Messaging
Queue Protocol Specification, or that, if licensed, would require a
payment of royalties by the licensor to unaffiliated third parties.
Moreover, Licensed Claims shall not include (i) any enabling
technologies that may be necessary to make or use any Licensed Product
but are not themselves expressly set forth in the Advanced Messaging
Queue Protocol Specification (e.g., semiconductor manufacturing
technology, compiler technology, object oriented technology, networking
technology, operating system technology, and the like); or (ii) the
implementation of other published standards developed elsewhere and
merely referred to in the body of the Advanced Messaging Queue Protocol
Specification, or (iii) any Licensed Product and any combinations
thereof the purpose or function of which is not required for compliance
with the Advanced Messaging Queue Protocol Specification. For purposes
of this definition, the Advanced Messaging Queue Protocol Specification
shall be deemed to include both architectural and interconnection
requirements essential for interoperability and may also include
supporting source code artifacts where such architectural,
interconnection requirements and source code artifacts are expressly
identified as being required or documentation to achieve compliance
with the Advanced Messaging Queue Protocol Specification.

As used hereunder, "Licensed Products" means only those specific
portions of products (hardware, software or combinations thereof) that
implement and are compliant with all relevant portions of the Advanced
Messaging Queue Protocol Specification.

The following disclaimers, which you hereby also acknowledge as to any
use you may make of the Advanced Messaging Queue Protocol
Specification:

THE ADVANCED MESSAGING QUEUE PROTOCOL SPECIFICATION IS PROVIDED "AS
IS," AND THE AUTHORS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR TITLE; THAT THE
CONTENTS OF THE ADVANCED MESSAGING QUEUE PROTOCOL SPECIFICATION ARE
SUITABLE FOR ANY PURPOSE; NOR THAT THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE ADVANCED
MESSAGING QUEUE PROTOCOL SPECIFICATION WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD
PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.

THE AUTHORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY
USE, IMPLEMENTATION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE ADVANCED MESSAGING QUEUE
PROTOCOL SPECIFICATION.

The name and trademarks of the Authors may NOT be used in any manner,
including advertising or publicity pertaining to the Advanced Messaging
Queue Protocol Specification or its contents without specific, written
prior permission. Title to copyright in the Advanced Messaging Queue
Protocol Specification will at all times remain with the Authors.

No other rights are granted by implication, estoppel or otherwise.

Upon termination of your license or rights under this Agreement, you
shall destroy all copies of the Advanced Messaging Queue Protocol
Specification in your possession or control.

Trademarks
==========
"JPMorgan", "JPMorgan Chase", "Chase", the JPMorgan Chase logo and the
Octagon Symbol are trademarks of JPMorgan Chase & Co.

IMATIX and the iMatix logo are trademarks of iMatix Corporation sprl.

IONA, IONA Technologies, and the IONA logos are trademarks of 
IONA Technologies PLC and/or its subsidiaries.

LINUX is a trademark of Linus Torvalds. RED HAT and JBOSS are
registered trademarks of Red Hat, Inc. in the US and other countries.

Java, all Java-based trademarks and OpenOffice.org are trademarks of
Sun Microsystems, Inc. in the United States, other countries, or both.

Other company, product, or service names may be trademarks or service
marks of others.

Links to full AMQP specification:
=================================
http://www.amqp.org/
